First and foremost I'd like to say, "Justice has never advanced by taking a life" by Coretta Scott King. Lastly, to my wife and to my kids, I love y'all forever and always. That's it.
I just want to tell my family thank you, my mom and dad and sister and Sabrina. I love you Mercedes. I am sorry to David’s family. This is only way that I can be forgiven. You got your justice right here. That’s it. My trust in Jesus.
You're not about to witness an execution, you are about to witness a murder. I am strapped down for something Marcus Rhodes did. I never killed anybody, ever. I love you, Mom. I love you, Tali. This is wrong. This whole thing is wrong. I can't believe you are going to let Marcus Rhodes walk around free. Justice has let me down. Somebody completely screwed this up. I love you too, Mom. Well Warden, if you are going to murder someone, go ahead and do it. Pull the trigger. It's coming. I can feel it coming. Goodbye.
Yes, sir. I just want to say to all my supporters, family and friends; I love y'all and appreciate y'all. To the ones representing me today, thank you for everything. The system has failed me. This is a miscarriage of justice. There are people on death row that need help. I love my family. I love you too, Mom. I am alright. I asked the Lord to have mercy on me and I hope He has mercy on these people carrying out this mass slaughter. They have no respect for humanity. To Melanie, I never meant to hurt you. You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I am not asking for your forgiveness. All I have to worry about is God forgiving me. I hope you get better and for the doctors to continue to take care of you. Take care of my mother for me. To everybody, know that I love you and I am OK. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on these peoples' soul. Life is not supposed to end this way. No more pain and frustration. When I knock at the gates, they will open up and let me in. To my mom and everybody, I love you. I can feel it right now. My life, my life.
Yes I do. I know ya'lls pain, believe me I shed plenty of tears behind Carlos. Carlos was my friend. I didn't murder him. This what is happening right now is an injustice. This doesn't solve anything. This will not bring back Carlos. Ya'll fought real hard here to prove my innocence. This is only the beginning. I love each and everyone dearly. Dre My queen. I love you. Yaws, Junie I love yall. Stay strong, continue to fight. They are fixing to pump my veins with a lethal drug the American Veterinary Association won't even allow to be used on dogs. I say I am worse off than a dog. They want to kill me for this; I am not the man that did this. Fight on. I will see ya'll again. That's all I can say.
The Polunsky dungeon should be compared with the Death Row Community as existing not living. Why do I say this, the Death Row is full of isolated hearts and suppressed minds. We are filled with love looking for affection and a way to understand. I am a Death Row resident of the Polunsky dungeon. Why does my heart ache. We want pleasure love and satisfaction. It. The walls of darkness crushed in on me. Life without meaning is life without purpose. But the solace within the Polunsky dungeon, the unforgivesness within society, the church Pastors and Christians. It is terrifying. Does anyone care or who I am. Can you feel me people. The Polunsky dungeon is what I call the pit of hopelessness. The terrfying thing is the US is the only place, country that is the only civilized country that is free that says it will stop murder and enable justice. I ask each of you to lift up your voices to demand an end to the Death Penalty. If we live, we live to the Lord. If we die we die to the Lord. Christ rose again, in Jesus name. Bye Aunt Helen, Luise, Joanna and to all the rest of yall. You may proceed Warden.
Yes sir, I do. Go ahead? First of all I want to thank God for the love; thank God for the love from the family and friends that I have. To God I give the glory though the years. I love and care about the Lord. The Lord knows that I prayed for the victim's family. I know you all probably have bitterness and hate for what I did. There is not a day goes by that I have not prayed for Ronni Dawn Hewitt and Carol Dawson and her daughter who was left behind. I pray to God, the Lord Almighty that like he did for me, he will reach out and help you. I just pray that the Lord takes away your bitterness. There is so much hurt that I have caused you all. On the phone, I talked to my family for two hours. It was hard to see such a big man just break down and cry like a little baby. I hope this will touch your hearts like you have touched mine. I know it is hard for you all. I am to blame for this, I will take that Lord, when I get there. Back in 2003, I want to tell you this. I got down on my knees. The Lord knew my heart. I wanted to kill myself. I spoke to Ms. Ronnie Dawn Hewitt. The next day I received a letter that they had lost a friend to suicide. She said that she forgave me and that was something that I needed to hear. God helped me to forgive myself and move on. I just pray that some day you will find forgiveness in your heart. Know that your loved one is in a good place. I am sorry for what I have done. I cannot agree with this injustice. The Bible says that you shalt not kill, but it also says to obey the government. I am sorry, forgive me. Francis, I love you and thank you for being here. I have no ill will towards anyone carrying out this so called justice. Thank you. I am ready Warden.